{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh16120\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The 1874 Nova Scotia general election was held on 17 December 1874 to elect members of the 26th House of Assembly of the Province of Nova Scotia, Canada. It was won by the Liberal party. The December 1981 windstorm was a severe storm that particularly affected southern England, Wales and south west France during 13 December 1981. \
The storm formed as a secondary low.\
In England, the storm started with violent winds and snow, which reached Cornwall during the morning. Prior to its arrival a number of record low temperatures were reached for December, with -25.1C at RAF Shawbury in Shropshire and -5.9C in Southampton.\
In the evening spring tides combined with a 1.45 m (4.8 ft) storm surge resulted in the highest water levels recorded in the Bristol Channel since the start of the 20th century. Water from melting snow, caused by milder weather accompanying the depression, added to the flooding. The maximum surge at Hinkley Point was measured at 1.3 metres (4 ft 3 in) above the 7.4 metres (24 ft) tidal level Ordnance Datum (OD) at 2025 hours, and 1.3 metres (4 ft 3 in) measured at Avonmouth. The wind was measured at 40 knots (74 km/h; 46 mph) from the west. Over topping of the sea defences along a 7 miles (11 km) stretch of the North Somerset coast at 22 locations from Clevedon to Porlock began after 19:30, and continued until about 21:30 when the wind speed had reached 50 knots (93 km/h; 58 mph) from the west. Although there was no loss of life, the resultant flooding covered 12,500 acres (5,100 ha) of land, affecting 1072 houses and commercial properties, with \'ac\'a3150,000 worth of livestock killed and \'ac\'a350,000 of feed and grain destroyed. Wessex Water Authority estimated the total cost of the damage caused at \'ac\'a36m, resulting in a three-year programme of sea defence assessment, repair and improvement.\
In France, the storm caused widespread flooding in the south west, causing considerable damage in the river basins of the Garonne and Adour and flooding the city of Bordeaux.\
The MV Bonita, an 8000 tonne Ecuadorian cargo ship sailing from Hamburg to Panama was caught in the storm in the English Channel. 29 were rescued from the ship, 4 by helicopter until the storm was too strong for the helicopter to operate. The remaining crew were rescued by the Guernsey lifeboat, however there were 2 fatalities.\
Water entered the cooling water pump house of Hinkley Point nuclear power station, causing a shut-down for weeks after the storm.\
The Bituminous coal strike of 1977-1978 was a 110-day national coal strike in the United States led by the United Mine Workers of America. It began December 6, 1977, and ended on March 19, 1978. It is generally considered a successful union strike, although the contract was not beneficial to union members.\
Since the 1940s, the United Mine Workers of America (UMWA) had negotiated a nationwide National Coal Wage Agreement with the Bituminous Coal Operators Association (BCOA), a group of large coal mine operators. The three-year agreements covered national bargaining issues such as wages, health and pension benefits, workplace health and safety, and work rules. Local agreements, far more limited in scope, were negotiated by each individual local affiliate of UMWA.\
The 2011 Philadelphia, Mississippi Tornado was an extremely powerful and fast-moving multi-vortex tornado that touched down in eastern Mississippi on the afternoon of April 27, 2011. Part of the historic 2011 Super Outbreak, the largest tornado outbreak on record, this was the first of four EF5 tornadoes to touch down that day and the first such storm in Mississippi since the 1966 Candlestick Park tornado. While on the ground for 30 minutes, it traveled along a 28.28-mile (45.51 km) path through four counties, leaving behind three deaths, eight injuries, and $1.1 million in damage.\
The supercell thunderstorm that produced this tornado formed around 1:00 p.m. CDT south of Jackson, Mississippi. Traveling briskly to the northeast, it became severe within 25 minutes and potentially tornadic by 1:36 p.m. CDT. A tornado finally touched down at 2:30 p.m. CDT just east of the Philadelphia Municipal Airport. It quickly intensified and began producing EF5 damage by 2:38 p.m. CDT; extreme ground scouring, up to .5 metres (1.6 ft) deep in places, occurred in northeastern Neshoba County. After crossing into Kemper County, the tornado obliterated a mobile home, killing all three inside. It reached EF5 strength a second time near the Kemper\'82\'c4\'ecWinston county line where extreme ground scouring again took place and pavement was scoured from roads. Extensive tree damage took place elsewhere along the track and it ultimately dissipated at 3:00 p.m. CDT about 6 miles (9.7 km) north of Mashulaville.\
The 1984 Cherry Bowl was a post-season American college football bowl game at the Silverdome in Pontiac, Michigan between the Army Cadets and the Michigan State Spartans on December 22, 1984. The game was the final contest of the 1984 NCAA Division I-A football season for both teams, and ended in a 10\'82\'c4\'ec6 victory for Army.\
The Alpinale Short Film Festival (German: Alpinale Kurzfilmfestival) is a film festival in Bludenz, Vorarlberg (Austria). The short film festival draws around 1,000 visitors to Bludenz. Every year, about 30 hand-picked international short films are screened. The best films are awarded the Golden Unicorn.\
From 1985 to 2002, the festival took place in Bludenz, and from 2003 to 2019 in Nenzing. In 2020, the festival will be held in Bludenz again. The 35th Alpinale took place between 11 and 15 August 2020 under strict regulations to prevent infections with Covid-19.\
The film language of all short films at the Alpinale is played in the original sound. For foreign language films, subtitles are displayed, while some English films are only provided without subtitles.\
The upcoming 36th Alpinale will take place between 8 and 12 August 2023.\
The Russian financial crisis (also called the ruble crisis or the Russian flu) began in Russia on 17 August 1998. It resulted in the Russian government and the Russian Central Bank devaluing the ruble and defaulting on its debt. The crisis had severe impacts on the economies of many neighboring countries.\
The Little Nine Partners Patent was a land patent granted in 1706 in Dutchess County, New York, United States.  It was the last of fourteen patents granted between 1685 and 1706 which came to cover the entirety of historic Dutchess County (which until 1812 included today's Putnam County).\
The first ten, granted between 1685 and 1697, covered almost all of Hudson River shoreline in the original county, with three - Rombouts, the Great Nine Partners, and Philipse Patents, extending significantly inland. The eleventh, and smallest, Cuyler, 1697, was the first to contain solely inland territory, just in from the Hudson. The twelfth, and next smallest, Fauconnier, in 1703, completed the Hudson River shoreline.  The last two, Beekman, 1705, and the Little Nine Partners, 1706, laid claim to the remaining interior lands.\
The 2007 Korean FA Cup, known as the 2007 Hana Bank FA Cup, was the twelfth edition of the Korean FA Cup.\
The 19th annual Venice International Film Festival was held from 24 August to 7 September 1958.\
No OCIC Award was given this year due to the "unusual immorality" of the films.\
Kerem Shalom border crossing is a border crossing at the junction of two border sections: one between the Gaza Strip and Israel, and one between the Gaza Strip and Egypt. It is used by trucks carrying goods from Israel or Egypt to the Gaza Strip.\
The Battle of Pingxingguan, commonly called the Great Victory of Pingxingguan in Mainland China, was an engagement fought on 25 September 1937, at the beginning of the Second Sino-Japanese War, between the Eighth Route Army of the Chinese Communist Party and the Imperial Japanese Army.\
The battle resulted in the loss of 400 to 600 soldiers on both sides, but the Chinese captured 100 trucks full of supplies. The victory gave the Chinese Communists a tremendous boost since it was the only division-size battle that they fought during the entire war.\
The Massachusetts Tests for Educator Licensure (MTEL) program was initiated by the Massachusetts Department of Education in 1998. It is part of a statewide education reform initiative for educators seeking pre-kindergarten to Grade 12 licenses. The MTEL program includes a test of communication and literacy skills as well as tests of subject matter knowledge. The tests are designed to ensure that Massachusetts educators can communicate adequately with students, parents/guardians, and other educators and that they are knowledgeable in the subject matter of the license sought. The MTEL program was expanded in November 2004 to include tests for candidates seeking vocational technical and adult basic education licenses.\
The MTEL is developed, administered, and scored by National Evaluation Systems, Inc. (NES), which is now known as the Evaluation Systems group of Pearson Education.  Tests are scored on a criterion-based system, where examinees must attain a certain score based on standards established by the state. Constructed (written & oral) components of the tests are scored using a focused holistic scoring model (similar to holistic grading).  Like regular holistic scoring, responses are viewed for their overall quality, not just for individual mistakes.  However this is done according to specific criteria that the state has established (i.e., grammar, support, etc.).  These criteria vary by test and assignment.\
It is accepted in a few other states as a credential for teaching. The MTEL is a unique set of tests, whereas all other states in New England use the Praxis test, which have been adopted by 40 other states.\
There is no national plastic bag fee or ban currently in effect in the United States. However, the states of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii (de facto), Maine, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington and the territories of American Samoa, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, United States Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico have banned disposable bags. Over 200 counties and municipalities have enacted ordinances either imposing a fee on plastic bags or banning them outright, including all counties in Hawaii.\
Some attempts at banning plastic shopping bags statewide (for example in Massachusetts, though as of May 2023, 162 of the 301 cities and towns in the state have done so) have not succeeded mainly due to plastic industry lobbying. A few jurisdictions have chosen to implement a fee-only approach to bag reduction such as Washington, D.C., Montgomery County, Maryland, and certain counties and independent cities in Virginia. Some states, such as Florida, Arizona, and Missouri, have passed laws preventing local municipalities from passing their own bans. Some retailers have stopped using plastic bags ahead of government mandates.\
The 2018 Varsity Cup was contested from 29 January to 16 April 2018. The tournament (known as the FNB Varsity Cup for sponsorship reasons) was the eleventh season of the Varsity Cup, an annual inter-university rugby union competition featuring South African universities.\
The National Temperance Council was established in 1913 to coordinate the activities of numerous organizations in the temperance movement. Its purpose included the promotion of alcohol education. Its goal was the ratification of an amendment to the United States Constitution outlawing the manufacture, distribution and sale of alcoholic beverages throughout the country.\
The National Temperance Council stated that it represented 14-15 million American citizens and had a membership of "22 organizations, church boards, and commissions", with representatives from major Christian denominations. Notable temperance organisations in the United States that held membership in the National Temperance and Prohibition Council included the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, Preferred Risk Mutual Insurance Company, International Organisation of Good Templars, American Temperance Society, and Prohibition Party.\
The 1929 German Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at the N\uc0\u8730 \'barburgring on 14 July 1929.\
The Vandalia Baptist Association, a precursor to the Centralia Baptist Association and Kaskaskia Baptist Association, was organized in 1840 and centered in the Vandalia, Illinois, area. It originated from the Saline Fraternity, which was organized in 1834, which in turn was an offspring of the Old South District of the Friends of Humanity.\
The 2019 Sunshine Ladies Tour was the 6th season of the Sunshine Ladies Tour, a series of professional golf tournaments for women based in  South Africa.\
The 6th PGA Golden Laurel Awards, honoring the best film and television producers of 1994, were held at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Los Angeles, California on March 8, 1995. The nominees were announced on January 26, 1995.\
\
}